README.md, before:

# React practice course, learn by practicing (2021 edition)

#### by Coding Revolution

[Udemy Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-react-practice-course-learn-by-building-projects/)

---

## Description

Tracking my progress through the course.

---

## Course Projects

### Project 1: [The Venue](./the_venue)

### Project 2: [M.City](./m_city)

[Back To The Top](#react-practice-course-learn-by-practicing-2021-edition)

---

## Course Progress

#### Section 1: Getting Started

✅ Complete

#### Section 2: Project One: The venue

✅ Lesson 1: Starting a fresh project - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 2: Creating the header - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 3: the sidedrawer - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 4: Toggling header state - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 5: Creating the footer - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 6: Adding a carrousel - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 7: Creating the countdown - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 8: Finishing the countdown - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 9: The venue NFO - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 10: Creating the highlights - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 11: Reusable button - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 12: Pricing section - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 13: Gmaps component - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 14: Adding the scroll to - Complete <br>

✅ PROJECT COMPLETE

#### Section 3: Project Two: M.City

✅ Lesson 1: Installation - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 2: The Header - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 3: Creating the footer and the logo - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 4: the sign in form - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 5: Sign in users - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 6: Log out and toasts - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 7: Auth Guards - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 8: Creating the dashboard layout - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 9: Starting with React-move part one - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 10: Starting with React-move part two - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 11: Animating the stripes - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 12: Finishing animations - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 13: Importing data to firestore - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 14: Home matches part one - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 15: Home matches part two - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 16: Meet the players part one - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 17: Meet the players part two - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 18: Email promotion form - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 19: Finishing the Email promotion - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 20: Admin players list part 1 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 21: Admin players list part 2 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 22: Add/edit player part 1 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 23: Add/edit player part 2 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 24: Add/edit player part 3 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 25: Uploading player images part 1 - Complete <br>

- Note: The video course uses react-firebase-file-uploader. I found it not to work due to changes to the Firebase api. I found a react hook uploader that I updated to use current Firebase. This is now working.

✅ Lesson 26: Uploading player images part 2 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 26: Uploading player images part 3 - To Be Continued... <br>

[Back To The Top](#react-practice-course-learn-by-practicing-2021-edition)

Commit message:

Section 3: Project two: M.City - lesson 27 complete
The video course uses a class based component for the fileUploader component. When creating my own customUploader component I used a functional component. This meant I needed to figure out equivalent code for my functional component to achieve the same as the instructor's class based component. I was ultimately successful.

README.md, after:

# React practice course, learn by practicing (2021 edition)

#### by Coding Revolution

[Udemy Link](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-react-practice-course-learn-by-building-projects/)

---

## Description

Tracking my progress through the course.

---

## Course Projects

### Project 1: [The Venue](./the_venue)

### Project 2: [M.City](./m_city)

[Back To The Top](#react-practice-course-learn-by-practicing-2021-edition)

---

## Course Progress

#### Section 1: Getting Started

✅ Complete

#### Section 2: Project One: The venue

✅ Lesson 1: Starting a fresh project - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 2: Creating the header - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 3: the sidedrawer - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 4: Toggling header state - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 5: Creating the footer - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 6: Adding a carrousel - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 7: Creating the countdown - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 8: Finishing the countdown - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 9: The venue NFO - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 10: Creating the highlights - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 11: Reusable button - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 12: Pricing section - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 13: Gmaps component - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 14: Adding the scroll to - Complete <br>

✅ PROJECT COMPLETE

#### Section 3: Project Two: M.City

✅ Lesson 1: Installation - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 2: The Header - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 3: Creating the footer and the logo - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 4: the sign in form - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 5: Sign in users - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 6: Log out and toasts - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 7: Auth Guards - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 8: Creating the dashboard layout - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 9: Starting with React-move part one - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 10: Starting with React-move part two - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 11: Animating the stripes - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 12: Finishing animations - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 13: Importing data to firestore - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 14: Home matches part one - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 15: Home matches part two - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 16: Meet the players part one - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 17: Meet the players part two - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 18: Email promotion form - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 19: Finishing the Email promotion - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 20: Admin players list part 1 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 21: Admin players list part 2 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 22: Add/edit player part 1 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 23: Add/edit player part 2 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 24: Add/edit player part 3 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 25: Uploading player images part 1 - Complete <br>

- Note: The video course uses react-firebase-file-uploader. I found it not to work due to changes to the Firebase api. I found a react hook uploader that I updated to use current Firebase. This is now working.

✅ Lesson 26: Uploading player images part 2 - Complete <br>
✅ Lesson 26: Uploading player images part 3 - Complete <br>

- Note: The video course uses a class based component for the fileUploader component. When creating my own customUploader component I used a functional component. This meant I needed to figure out equivalent code for my functional component to achieve the same as the instructor's class based component. I was ultimately successful.

[Back To The Top](#react-practice-course-learn-by-practicing-2021-edition)
